♪
c0000001
[SENSE] You eighteen mages
passed the first test.
c0000002
Well done,
I congratulate you all.
c0000003
I know what people
whisper about me.
c0000004
The results of my previous
trials are intimidating,
c0000005
and you've no doubt prepared
yourselves for the worst.
c0000006
♪
c0000007
Please allow me to offer solace
and put your fears to rest.
c0000008
You won't face
the insurmountable today.
c0000009
My test
is actually quite simple.
c0000010
Anyone who wishes
to become a first-class mage
c0000011
should be able
to pass it with ease.
c0000012
♪
c0000013
That said, I suggest you listen
closely to my instructions.
c0000014
♪
c0000015
[SENSE] In order for you
to complete the second test...
c0000016
you must conquer
this labyrinth,
c0000017
known as the Ruins
of the King's Tomb.
c0000018
To move on to the third trial,
you must reach
c0000019
the deepest level
of the dungeon.
c0000020
That is the only requirement.
c0000021
I am a pacifist...
c0000022
I abhor fighting and conflict.
c0000023
Therefore, everyone who reaches
the bottom floor will pass.
c0000024
[BLEI] Hold on.
c0000025
Many adventurers have attempted
to explore this dungeon,
c0000026
but few have walked out.
c0000027
You're sure you're not
planning to fail us all?
c0000028
Do you want to be here?
c0000029
[gasps]
c0000030
[SENSE]
You are currently attempting
c0000031
to reach the pinnacle
of magehood.
c0000032
First-class mages can make
the impossible possible.
c0000033
Why should it matter
who's entered this tomb before?
c0000034
We're here to gauge
your abilities.
c0000035
[gasps]
c0000036
I'm assuming that there must be
some definitive way of proving
c0000037
that we reached
the bottom level.
c0000038
Perhaps there's a treasure
we're supposed
c0000039
to return to you?
c0000040
You won't need
to prove anything.
c0000041
I'll descend to the depths
of the dungeon with you.
c0000042
[SENSE] Though, naturally,
I'll offer no assistance.
c0000043
♪
c0000044
One more thing.
c0000045
Each of you will take
a rescue bottle with you.
c0000046
♪
c0000047
These were designed
by Lernen, a first-class mage.
c0000048
They hold escape golems.
c0000049
Break the glass
and it will grow to full power.
c0000050
At that point, it will
remove you from the dungeon.
c0000051
They're still prototypes,
but they should be safe enough.
c0000052
Be warned...
c0000053
using your golem
means you fail the test.
c0000054
But I urge you to do so
if you can't continue
c0000055
due to injury or other hurdles.
c0000056
I don't want any mages with
promising futures dying here.
c0000057
Ah, and this trial
has a time limit.
c0000058
The bottles will shatter
automatically at dawn tomorrow.
c0000059
You'll want to manage your
hours wisely as you explore.
c0000060
♪
c0000061
With this in mind,
you're free to begin.
c0000062
♪
c0000063
c0000064
There's more
than one point of entry.
c0000065
I believe this was built
during the Unified Dynasty.
c0000066
[DENKEN] Dungeons from that era
c0000067
were constructed
with multiple entrances,
c0000068
but each one leads
to the deepest level.
c0000069
Examining the various paths
inside might allow us
c0000070
to better understand the
internal structure of the tomb.
c0000071
It'd be wise to work together.
c0000072
Surely you're not suggesting
that we help one another out?
c0000073
[wind howling]
c0000074
[sighs]
c0000075
[DENKEN]
There's no reason for us
c0000076
to fight or face this alone.
c0000077
We would all benefit
from cooperation.
c0000078
[footfall]
c0000079
That is not happening.
c0000080
[TON] Unlike the last test,
our companions
c0000081
don't have to survive
in order for us to pass.
c0000082
We're under no obligation
to engage
c0000083
our fellow candidates.
c0000084
Besides,
you know your dungeons.
c0000085
Which is great for you, sure.
c0000086
But you'd likely use me
as a sacrificial pawn.
c0000087
[footfall]
c0000088
I'll do this myself.
c0000089
[footfall]
c0000090
[wind howling]
c0000091
[footfall]
c0000092
Ya see that?
c0000093
We don't trust each other
after that first test.
c0000094
Safest thing to do
is group up with people
c0000095
you already know well.
c0000096
[footfall]
c0000097
[WIRBEL] Let's go.
c0000098
[wind howling]
c0000099
[EHRE] You could at least
wait for us to get up.
c0000100
[grunts]
c0000101
[DENKEN] Stubborn fools...
c0000102
why can't they see
that numbers would give us
c0000103
an advantage this time?
c0000104
We should go, Fern.
c0000105
Yes, of course, if you're sure.
c0000106
Everyone's made their choice,
they know who they trust.
c0000107
[footfall]
c0000108
Interesting.
c0000109
I believe I'll accompany
the two of you inside.
c0000110
[SENSE] You seem like
you'll have an easier time
c0000111
than the rest of the mages.
c0000112
[FRIEREN]
Just don't get in the way.
c0000113
[SENSE] I shall neither
interfere nor offer you aid.
c0000114
[footfall]
c0000115
[FRIEREN] This is the best
route for us to follow.
c0000116
♪
c0000117
Proceed with caution,
c0000118
we'll map
the labyrinth as we go.
c0000119
♪
c0000120
[footfall]
c0000121
[FRIEREN] That stone's a trap.
c0000122
Please try to be more careful.
c0000123
[sighs]
c0000124
♪
c0000125
[FERN] You have such extensive
knowledge of dungeons.
c0000126
[FRIEREN] Perhaps...
c0000127
though, that wasn't
always the case.
c0000128
[footfall]
c0000129
Himmel actually loved
to explore them.
c0000130
He made us trudge through
so many of them
c0000131
while we were hunting monsters.
c0000132
Himmel loved dungeons?
c0000133
What do you mean by that?
c0000134
Exactly what it sounds like.
c0000135
[FRIEREN]
He said they excited him.
c0000136
Kind of absurd, isn't it?
c0000137
[footfall]
c0000138
♪
c0000139
[EISEN] These stairs should
take us down to the next floor.
c0000140
♪
c0000141
[HIMMEL] Yes, you're right,
c0000142
which is why
we're turning around.
c0000143
There's more
of this level to explore.
c0000144
[HEITER] A smart decision.
c0000145
♪
c0000146
[EISEN] I'm confused.
c0000147
We're here to slay the monster
lurking in the basement levels.
c0000148
Haven't you learned
anything in our travels?
c0000149
In a dungeon, it's important
to explore the entire area
c0000150
before proceeding
to the next floor.
c0000151
Every adventurer knows that.
c0000152
[EISEN]
I've never heard it before.
c0000153
[HIMMEL] You find that
ridiculous, don't you?
c0000154
[sighs]
c0000155
Think of it as us having
a good time together
c0000156
while helping people.
c0000157
[FRIEREN]
It won't always be that simple.
c0000158
The further we travel,
the more dangerous
c0000159
the dungeons will become.
c0000160
[EISEN] A good point.
c0000161
[HIMMEL]
I'll still have fun even then.
c0000162
I'll relish
our time adventuring
c0000163
and raiding labyrinths.
c0000164
Defeating monsters...
finding treasure.
c0000165
And then, before I know it,
I'll have saved the world.
c0000166
Sounds like a dream to me.
c0000167
♪
c0000168
Besides...
c0000169
if we don't go down
every possible path,
c0000170
we might miss a rare grimoire
along the way.
c0000171
Don't just stand there,
keep exploring.
c0000172
[HIMMEL] Of course.
c0000173
[FRIEREN] I guess
we can all be absurd at times.
c0000174
[footfall]
c0000175
♪
c0000176
[LAWINE]
Kanne, let's leave them.
c0000177
[footfall]
c0000178
[RICHTER] And then,
there were only five of us.
c0000179
[DENKEN] We could have
wrapped this up so easily
c0000180
if we'd simply worked together.
c0000181
Sharing information,
each taking a different role.
c0000182
There were enough
skilled mages to ensure
c0000183
everybody made it
to the bottom.
c0000184
That's true...
c0000185
but not everyone
is as pragmatic as you.
c0000186
Remember what you said before?
c0000187
[RICHTER] Toward the end
of the first test.
c0000188
[gasps]
c0000189
[smiles]
c0000190
Perhaps it didn't sit right
with them.
c0000191
Think of it this way.
c0000192
The smartest among us
have remained.
c0000193
We make a clever quintet.
c0000194
At least none of us
are idiotic enough
c0000195
to fall for mimics
or other obvious traps.
c0000196
That counts for something,
Denken.
c0000197
[DENKEN] You think anyone
who's taking this test
c0000198
is that naive?
c0000199
I doubt it.
c0000200
♪
c0000201
Could be a grimoire.
c0000202
I sense mana.
c0000203
Mistress Frieren,
you saw the analysis
c0000204
from the Mikheit spell.
c0000205
♪
c0000206
That's a mimic.
c0000207
♪
c0000208
[FRIEREN] Don't forget,
that spell only has
c0000209
a ninety-nine percent
accuracy rate.
c0000210
[FERN]
You're just proving my point.
c0000211
Many important historical
discoveries were made by mages
c0000212
who trusted
in that one percent chance.
c0000213
Let's follow their lead.
c0000214
C'mon, Fern.
c0000215
♪
c0000216
[sighs]
c0000217
[FRIEREN]
Yes, it's as I thought.
c0000218
There's a valuable grimoire
inside this chest.
c0000219
That's what my many,
many years of experience
c0000220
as a mage tells me.
c0000221
[screaming]
Get me out!
c0000222
It's wet
and terrifying in here!
c0000223
[screaming]
c0000224
Not to mention dark!
c0000225
[screams]
I can't take it!
c0000226
[groaning]
c0000227
[screaming]
c0000228
[grunts]
c0000229
[groaning]
c0000230
[screaming]
c0000231
[SENSE] I'm starting to think
c0000232
I chose the wrong people
to follow.
c0000233
[groans]
c0000234
♪
c0000235
[DENKEN] Avoid the center
of the corridor.
c0000236
Otherwise
the ceiling will fall.
c0000237
[footfall]
c0000238
♪
c0000239
[LAUFEN] Is that stain
kind of person shaped?
c0000240
A gruesome sight...
and where have the bones gone?
c0000241
♪
c0000242
c0000243
[stone sliding]
c0000244
[gasps]
c0000245
[demon screams]
c0000246
[LAUFEN] Gargoyles!
c0000247
[growling]
c0000248
[grunts]
c0000249
♪
c0000250
[explosion]
c0000251
[screaming]
c0000252
[ground rumbling]
c0000253
[demon screams]
c0000254
[explosion]
c0000255
♪
c0000256
[explosion]
c0000257
♪
c0000258
[grunts]
c0000259
[thudding]
c0000260
[grunting]
c0000261
[gasps]
c0000262
[stone sliding]
c0000263
♪
c0000264
[gasps]
c0000265
[trembling]
c0000266
♪
c0000267
[thudding]
c0000268
Denken,
the girl is trapped in there.
c0000269
[DENKEN] I saw.
[RICHTER] Will she survive?
c0000270
[gasps]
c0000271
[DENKEN]
This should take down the wall.
c0000272
[explosion]
c0000273
[gasps]
c0000274
Not even a scratch...
c0000275
she has no choice.
c0000276
Break your bottle!
c0000277
[stone sliding]
c0000278
[glass shattering]
c0000279
[ground rumbling]
c0000280
[explosion]
c0000281
[thumping]
c0000282
[LAUFEN] Impressive.
c0000283
[DENKEN] We've lost someone
and we've barely started.
c0000284
Even a moment's distraction
here could prove fatal.
c0000285
Who knows what else
awaits us in this tomb.
c0000286
[groaning]
c0000287
[FRIEREN] Hey, Fern...
c0000288
word of advice.
c0000289
Stop pulling before you rip
my body in half.
c0000290
Right.
c0000291
[FRIEREN] To save someone
in this situation,
c0000292
the best solution
is to push them deeper.
c0000293
When the mimic chokes,
it stops biting.
c0000294
[burping]
c0000295
[FERN] You might have
mentioned this sooner.
c0000296
[sighs]
c0000297
Safe at last.
c0000298
[FERN] Honestly...
c0000299
how did you escape mimics
when you were by yourself?
c0000300
I'd blow them up
from the inside
c0000301
with offensive magic.
c0000302
But I avoid that when I can,
c0000303
since it wreaks
havoc on my hair.
c0000304
-[door opens]
-[FRIEREN] I've returned.
c0000305
And my hair has faced
grave injury.
c0000306
[FERN] So that's why
you sometimes show up
c0000307
with a completely
different hairstyle.
c0000308
My word.
c0000309
[FRIEREN] Okay,
that's enough of a break.
c0000310
We're on a tight timeline.
c0000311
[footfall]
c0000312
♪
c0000313
[FRIEREN] Gargoyles.
c0000314
Defeat them before they move.
c0000315
[stone sliding]
c0000316
[giggles]
c0000317
[FERN] Another one?
c0000318
We've seen
these medals everywhere.
c0000319
Apparently some dilettante
loves to collect them.
c0000320
♪
c0000321
[FRIEREN] This looks like
the main route,
c0000322
so we'll turn back for now.
c0000323
[FERN] Why?
c0000324
♪
c0000325
[burping]
c0000326
[FERN] Does this seem too easy?
c0000327
[FRIEREN] Our quick progress
does seem odd,
c0000328
since it's an unexplored
dungeon.
c0000329
If I were to guess, I'd say
we're nearing the bottom level.
c0000330
This is no time for us
to be overconfident, though.
c0000331
Let's take a break in the next
empty burial chamber we find.
c0000332
We've collected
some pretty nice treasure.
c0000333
It looks like
a pile of junk to me.
c0000334
Strange.
c0000335
[metal clanging]
c0000336
[SENSE] I don't get it.
[FERN] Neither do I.
c0000337
[FERN] Why do these trinkets
make her happy?
c0000338
She's obsessed.
c0000339
[SENSE] No, Fern...
c0000340
you're the one
I don't understand.
c0000341
[gasps]
c0000342
I've observed a wealth
of young mages,
c0000343
but never one with skills
comparable to yours.
c0000344
I assume you have trained
extremely hard.
c0000345
[SENSE]
And yet, I sense no passion
c0000346
or determination in you.
c0000347
It's puzzling.
c0000348
I became a mage to repay
a debt to somebody.
c0000349
I did my best to do
everything by the book.
c0000350
♪
c0000351
[FERN] When I was younger,
being a proper mage
c0000352
was the only thing
I thought about.
c0000353
I devoted my life
to achieving that goal
c0000354
without considering
what my world
c0000355
would look like afterwards.
c0000356
Maybe that's the problem.
c0000357
I spent all my determination.
c0000358
Now I've got no passion left.
c0000359
Then what are you doing here?
c0000360
Why do you continue
to search for magic?
c0000361
♪
c0000362
[FERN] Take a look at her.
c0000363
[FERN] She's having fun.
[SENSE] I'd say so.
c0000364
♪
c0000365
[FERN] The first time
I entered a dungeon
c0000366
with Mistress Frieren...
c0000367
her face lit up.
c0000368
She collected every magic item
we came across,
c0000369
even if it was trash.
c0000370
[smiles]
c0000371
♪
c0000372
Watching her
made me smile, too.
c0000373
I think I continue
searching for magic
c0000374
because I like
seeing her happy.
c0000375
In a way,
it carries over to me.
c0000376
♪
c0000377
Come on,
we've delayed long enough.
c0000378
[footfall]
c0000379
[SENSE] Hmm... it would appear
that I was right
c0000380
to accompany you after all.
c0000381
I'm sure you'll find a way
to enjoy this labyrinth,
c0000382
as brutal as it can be.
c0000383
♪
c0000384
[wind howling]
c0000385
[SCHARF]
The atmosphere has changed.
c0000386
[WIRBEL] Maybe we're getting
close to the bottom.
c0000387
[EHRE] Wirbel.
c0000388
[WIRBEL]
No resting, keep up the pace.
c0000389
[EHRE] I've been captured.
c0000390
There are three mages here
who're concealing their mana.
c0000391
An ambush.
c0000392
Oh?
c0000393
[explosion]
c0000394
[WIRBEL]
They cast Sorganeil on her.
c0000395
Scharf, she'll be freed
if they can't see her.
c0000396
[SCHARF] I know.
c0000397
[wind rustling]
c0000398
[wind howling]
c0000399
Now I see why the Ruins
of the King's Tomb
c0000400
have never been conquered.
c0000401
♪
c0000402
[WIRBEL] I can't say
I expected to encounter
c0000403
such handsome opponents.
c0000404
♪
c0000405
Scharf, take me.
c0000406
Ehre, you're on Scharf.
c0000407
I should be able to handle her.
c0000408
[chuckles]
c0000409
This'll be fun.
c0000410
[explosion]
c0000411
♪
c0000412
[thudding]
c0000413
[tapping]
c0000414
[grunts]
c0000415
[ground rumbling]
c0000416
♪
c0000417
[explosion]
c0000418
♪
c0000419
[DENKEN] It's a replica.
c0000420
One created using magic.
c0000421
A demon or monster
is likely to blame.
c0000422
This is alarming.
c0000423
I've never seen
such a perfect copy
c0000424
of another person before.
c0000425
Its mana and skills were
identical to yours, Laufen.
c0000426
So was its behavior.
c0000427
It's possible it was even
imbued with your memories.
c0000428
That's horrifying to imagine.
c0000429
[RICHTER]
There is one saving grace.
c0000430
She was easy to spot as a fake
given her coloring.
c0000431
At the very least, we won't
harm each other by accident.
c0000432
There's still too much
we don't know about them.
c0000433
If whoever cast this spell
c0000434
can control
multiple copies at once
c0000435
they'd certainly make
a terrifying opponent.
c0000436
[wind rustling]
c0000437
[DENKEN] Whatever the case,
this goes to prove
c0000438
that we were correct
in teaming up.
c0000439
It gives us more options
for dealing with them.
c0000440
[footfall]
c0000441
[wind howling]
c0000442
[door opens]
c0000443
♪
c0000444
I wonder...
c0000445
can our group handle her?
c0000446
♪
c0000447
[DENKEN] There's only one thing
I know for sure.
c0000448
If this weren't a trial,
I would have shattered
c0000449
my bottle and retreated
a long time ago.
c0000450
♪
c0000451
[DENKEN] Now, then...
[FRIEREN] Smells nice.
c0000452
[DENKEN] ...what are we going
to do about her?
c0000453
[LAND]
Not so fun on the other side.
c0000454
[METHODE] Will you please
look into my eyes?
c0000455
[BLEI] So, it's not impossible.
c0000456
[DUNSTE]
How much time do you need?
c0000457
[GENAU]
They're perfect replicas.